well a US congresswoman Ilan momar says
Joe Biden's Administration has failed to
speak out about Israel's killing of more
than 170 journalists in Gaza to date
alzer's Gabriel elzando spoke to her on
the sidelines of the Democratic National
Convention folks in in the
administration talking about the
importance uh of protecting uh
journalists without uh acknowledging the
the the journalists that are being
killed in in Gaza and I think that level
of of hypocrisy is on Full display uh it
deals a a deadly blow uh to our
credibility on the world stage uh and I
I do hope um that there is a shift in in
that acknowledgement because these
journalists in Gaza Risk Everything um
to to tell a story to Bear witness uh
and without the the Press we wouldn't
know many um uh you know historic uh
conflicts that have taken place around
the world uh and the fact that we do not
recognize uh the the the death and
Devastation that is faced um by uh
journalists in in Gaza I think is very
telling uh and is heartbreaking and
they're specifically targeting the few
journalists that are there which there
are only a few particularly from Al
jazer what is your message to the US
government to protect our journalists we
have an obligation um as as a country
that truly believes in the the freedom
of the press in the protection of the
press in their ability um to uh to
freely move around in in war zones um
and I want them to make sure that that
they shift um their behavior uh towards
the ones that are in
laza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz